Let's get these two links on our header.
So I want to have a direct link to the page where we create a ticket.
I also want to have a direct link to a new page that we're going to create in just a moment that's going
to list out all the different orders that the user has created.
So first off, how do we add stuff to the header?
Well, remember inside of our client.
Opponent's folder.
We've got the header JS file.
And we put together this clever little system right here of some different links to decide whether we
want to show one set of links based upon whether the user is logged in or not.
So I'm going to add in right above the sign out configuration thing right there.
Another two possible links I can say if there is a current user.
So in other words, if the user is logged in, then I want to have an additional link.
With a label of sell tickets.
And if a user clicks on that, I want to direct them to.
Tickets slash new.
And then right after that, I'm going to add in one other link.
I'll say if the user is logged in.
Give me another link that has a label of something like my orders.
And we do not have this route put together just yet.
But I'm sure you can imagine that we probably want to give this thing a route of something like just
slash orders.
So if we go to slash orders, I want to show a listing of all the orders the user has created.
Okay.
Let's save that.
Go do a quick test.
Looks like we've now got those links inside the header, so I should be able to click on it, sell tickets,
and go directly to the create a ticket form.
And if I click on my orders right now.
Yep.
Again, we have not implemented this just yet, so let's pause right here and then put together this
listing of all orders that belong to this user in just a moment.